adding suggestions from Andree (#19)
epiverse-trace/gam-summit: pre-training.qmd

> This week-long in-person workshop provide a practical introduction to outbreak data analysis using R packages developed by the Epiverse-TRACE initiative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week-long in-person training provides a practical introduction to outbreak data analysis using R packages developed by the Epiverse-TRACE initiative.
```

## Timetable (tentative)

|           Date and time           | Topic                                                                              |
|:----------------------:|:----------------------------------------------|
|   Monday 25 June (9:30 - 12:30)   | A refresher on the basics of R: objects, operators, function, arguments, data manipulation (read, filter, select, rename, pipe) |
|  Monday 25 June (14:00 - 17:00)   | Introduction to outbreak analytics  |
|  Tuesday 26 June (9:30 - 12:30)   | Simulating transmission and modelling interventions spread                                                            |
|  Tuesday 26 June (14:00 - 17:00)  | Read, clean, and standardize outbreak case data    |
| Wednesday 27 June (9:30 - 12:30)  | Validate, aggregate and visualize outbreak case data|
| Wednesday 27 June (14:00 - 17:00) | Access epidemiological parameters |
|  Thursday 28 June (9:30 - 12:30)  | Estimate transmission metrics |
| Thursday 28 June (14:00 - 17:00)  | Forecast of cases and estimate outbreak severity|
|   Friday 29 June (9:30 - 12:30)   | Presentations on "Outbreak Data Challenges" |
## Prerequisites

> Attendees will be using their own laptops. We expect participants to have some exposure to basic statistical, mathematical and epidemic theory concepts, but NOT necessarily familiarity with analytics or modelling. This workshop requires you to be familiar with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attendees will be using their own laptops. We expect participants to have some exposure to basic statistical, mathematical and epidemic theory concepts, but NOT necessarily familiarity with analytics or modelling. This training requires you to be familiar with:
```
